Yes.
And now we're going to make these cars clickable so that we can show the posts on the single page.
So let's come here and let's make them clickable so we can use the link component from end, isn't it?
Sorry not ended in Nexis.
Mixed link.
And then we can wrap our card in that link.
So this car.
So you just got to use the link.
Internally, we need to have a context with its use then.
And here it's best that God no link heads through.
We can use this object back to so we can take them to SLAs.
Post based SLAs.
Slop, I guess is post will have a unique slogan.
Now based on that we saw the business dynamic right.
So post and then we use post.
Don't smoke.
Beautiful.
Now, let's come here now anyhow.
You can see right down here, you can see the poor slum.
This second post that's more than home interior.
Last post merging into that effect feature that will take us to that base, which we don't have at the
moment, but we can go ahead and create one and I think we should just call it just post without S.
So let's quickly fix them as you post.
All right.
So let's create that folder.
And inside there, we're going to create this space that will dynamically get the slug to whatever that
is.
And based on that slug, we're going to make a request to back in to get that particular post.
And this basis let's create new for called post intent.
Here.
We're going to create that file called Slug.
Now we create this space differently.
Again, to do our sort of do a raise here, an integer, you give the name so you can give it an animal,
you can call it ID, you can call it slug.
Doesn't matter.
But what do we call it?
Based on that, you'll be able to access the.
The slope, the parameter from the root.
Okay.
So you can see the brackets and then don't this.
So you have to create your base to capture that dynamic value.
Okay.
So with that, let's write our component.
So const.
Let's go call single posts.
It to.
Return again.
We used to use the rows in column like we did here in the post.
So let me actually grab this fragment, the entire fragment.
In fact, let's copy the whole code.
It's going to be quite similar.
Let's go beyond that.
Go to Slug.
And it's just best that I guess we student we're going to use gifs.
So said Brooks, obviously, because we want that piece to be suicide rendered for issue.
So let's send this from the top to the name, from post to single post.
Single post.
So we will have this function that will make a request to get that single post.
Now we have to create that endpoint.
We don't have that yet, so let's wait for that.
Didn't head the this post this individual post title we can sort that here damningly similar the description.
Let's wait for that as well.
Let's just continue using the rules in column.
And everything else.
So the column, it's a demo of the mapping of this one.
So total rows, we can put the column.
We're going to have to column one with the
sides extra small excess more.
We take the full width extra, plus we take 16.
And then the remaining other part, we give that to the sidebar.
So it.
This one will be used for sidebar.
This one from post.
Okay.
Let's go back.
Come here.
I guess we'll see the post here.
We should decide by.
So far, so good.
Let's go and create the endpoint that will give us the single post.
So what we need to do here is from this base.
So if we were using huge effect, we could grab this value from the parent forums and make a request
using Axis.
Based on that program, the slow motion that we could get the single push.
Right now we're using Southside Cross, but even here we have access to the params so we can destruction
programs.
And then from programs we can access the slot because we call our file slug, we will access slug.
But if you call it something else like 80, then you call it like 80% of it.
In our case, it's going to be pronounced as slow.
So less.
It's less, post less.
Parents don't smoke.
I guess this is the input.
We have to quit.
Less posts, less the smoke.
I guess that's the endpoint we have to create and that will give us the data which should contain the
post single post.
Let's make it a singular post.
It's all to make sure we are returning a singular purpose.
Perfect.
And let me just.
Jason Stringer.
Fine.
You.
Post.
No.
Four.
And so we don't have anything at the moment.
Let's go create this endpoint and then we can continue working here.
So it's good to rotate and to send a single post we can consider out of the gate.
So that's going to be less post stress.
Let's call it slug and then that will be single post.
Let's cover here.
Let's import that from our controller
and let's go to controllers post.
Let's read that here.
Single post equals to async requests.
Response
we try.
Yes, an error comes along.
And
so here we use.
We created the Davis flight.
So.
Here we get access to the Prince concert.
So he wants to request.
Perhaps I should call it something else instead of slow.
If you call it I.D., then you could access that as I.D..
All right.
So we get we grab the slot.
Now, based on this global, we can query the database and find it.
Thank you.
So const post equals to it.
Here to post model dot find one we aim to use find one.
This time of going to find best in the slot.
So slow.
You didn't have to do slow.
It's still like that in the same key.
Very slow.
And then you want to populate the user who created it.
So posted by name, maybe idea.
I think when you do populist, it's always in fear of living like that.
Okay.
And let's actually use I'm not really sure, but we can give it a try.
A little excuse to try again.
We can always come back in ten.
So we populate the posted by the creators name.
Next one we want to populate the categories as it should be.
Its books have a lot of categories may have a lot of categories.
So we populate the categories and we want the name and slug.
Next one we can also probably defeated him is obviously that's important.
Properly
featured in.
For the Fiji women.
I just need to hear a sliver here and then that's pretty much all we need.
Response this post.
All right, so that should give us the signal post.
Let's quickly go here.
Good posters.
Q And how good was that?
You can see here we got the post single force and yeah, so we don't have to populate it.
It always includes automatically.
So that's good.
Main named strong.
And you are.
Beautiful.
All right.
So we've got all this information now.
We can show this information nicely here on a base that will look something like this.